Property Connect
 
Toronto, Canada. © Digital Vision/Getty Images

Scope:
Due to the smaller team size, we narrowed down our coverage area to only Toronto, ON. If necessary, we can further narrow it down to one area  in Toronto.

What is Real Estate:
According to Investopedia :
●	Real estate is a class of "real property" that includes land and anything permanently attached to it, whether natural or man-made.
●	You can invest in real estate directly by purchasing a home, rental property or other property, or indirectly through a real estate investment trust (REIT).

Types of Real Estate:

According to Investopedia :

There are five main categories of real estate: 
1.	Residential real estate: Any property used for residential purposes. Examples include single-family homes, condos, cooperatives, duplexes, townhouses, and multifamily residences with fewer than five individual units.
2.	Commercial real estate: Any property used exclusively for business purposes, such as apartment complexes, gas stations, grocery stores, hospitals, hotels, offices, parking facilities, restaurants, shopping centers, stores, and theaters.
3.	Industrial real estate: Any property used for manufacturing, production, distribution, storage, and research and development. Examples include factories, power plants, and warehouses.
4.	Land: Includes undeveloped property, vacant land, and agricultural land (farms, orchards, ranches, and timberland).
5.	Special purpose: Property used by the public, such as cemeteries, government buildings, libraries, parks, places of worship, and schools.
Stakeholders:
The following people are involved in the Real Estate Industry according to futurelearn.com :
1.	Architects
2.	Agents / Valuers
3.	Engineers and Consultants
4.	Construction Companies
5.	Investors
6.	Banks / Lenders
7.	Developers
8.	Building Occupiers
9.	Local Residents
10.	Amenity and Environmental Groups
11.	Local Government
12.	Central Government
13.	Landowners
14.	Utility Companies

List of Stakeholders:
Further Reading:
1.	Know about Toronto: https://www.britannica.com/place/Toronto#ref16157 

Gantt Chart
 
Gantt Chart Table View
 
